README.md, before:

# iOS-Learning-Resource <br/>

#### 給新手看
1. [Standford 2015 iOS讀書會 week1](http://www.slideshare.net/deeplovepan/standford-2015-ios-week1-1logistics-ios-8-overview-2-more-xcode-and-swift-mvc) : 1.Logistics, iOS 8 Overview 2. More Xcode and Swift, MVC

#### 其他人收集的資源清單
1. [iOS 開發者的 15 個閱讀清單](http://punnode.com/archives/28835)
2. [Aufree/trip-to-iOS](https://github.com/Aufree/trip-to-iOS)
3. [中文 iOS/Mac 开发博客列表](https://github.com/tangqiaoboy/iOSBlogCN)

#### Swift
1. [matteocrippa/awesome-swift](https://github.com/matteocrippa/awesome-swift)
2. [vandadnp/swift-weekly](https://github.com/vandadnp/swift-weekly)
3. [Lax/iOS-Swift-Demos](https://github.com/Lax/iOS-Swift-Demos) : 精心收集并分类整理的Swift开发学习资源，包括Apple官方提供的示例代码和文档，以及github上的项目和国内外开发者的技术博客。
4. [iOS-8-Swift-Programming-Cookbook](https://github.com/vandadnp/iOS-8-Swift-Programming-Cookbook)
5. [《The Swift Programming Language》官方文件  簡體中文版](https://www.gitbook.com/book/numbbbbb/-the-swift-programming-language-/details)

#### 範例程式
1. [shu223/iOS7-Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS7-Sampler) : Code examples for the new functions of iOS 7.
2. [shu223/iOS8-Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS8-Sampler) : Code examples for the new functions of iOS 8.
3. [ios-7-programming-cookbook-source-codes](https://github.com/vandadnp/ios-7-programming-cookbook-source-codes)
4. [apple-ios-samples](https://github.com/robovm/apple-ios-samples) : This repository mirrors Apple's iOS samples.

#### iOS Client App
1. [Hacker-News-for-iOS](https://github.com/mmackh/Hacker-News-for-iOS) : Hacker News client for iPad and iPhone.
2. [DesignerNewsApp](https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp) : Simple iOS client for Designer News
3. [v2ex](https://github.com/singro/v2ex) : An iOS client for v2ex.com

#### 開放式課程
1. [Stanford 公开课，Developing iOS 8 Apps with Swift 字幕翻译](https://github.com/x140yu/Developing_iOS_8_Apps_With_Swift)

#### Coding Style
1. [github/objective-c-style-guide](raywenderlich/objective-c-style-guide)
2. [NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide](spotify/ios-style)

Commit message:

更新
awesome-ios, LeetCode-Solutions-in-Swift, SwiftDoc.org, openhab

README.md, after:

# iOS-Learning-Resource <br/>

#### 給新手看
1. [Standford 2015 iOS讀書會 week1](http://www.slideshare.net/deeplovepan/standford-2015-ios-week1-1logistics-ios-8-overview-2-more-xcode-and-swift-mvc) : 1.Logistics, iOS 8 Overview 2. More Xcode and Swift, MVC

#### 其他人收集的資源清單
1. [iOS 開發者的 15 個閱讀清單](http://punnode.com/archives/28835)
2. [Aufree/trip-to-iOS](https://github.com/Aufree/trip-to-iOS)
3. [中文 iOS/Mac 开发博客列表](https://github.com/tangqiaoboy/iOSBlogCN)
4. [awesome-ios](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios#plugins)

#### Swift
1. [matteocrippa/awesome-swift](https://github.com/matteocrippa/awesome-swift)
2. [vandadnp/swift-weekly](https://github.com/vandadnp/swift-weekly)
3. [Lax/iOS-Swift-Demos](https://github.com/Lax/iOS-Swift-Demos) : 精心收集并分类整理的Swift开发学习资源，包括Apple官方提供的示例代码和文档，以及github上的项目和国内外开发者的技术博客。
4. [iOS-8-Swift-Programming-Cookbook](https://github.com/vandadnp/iOS-8-Swift-Programming-Cookbook)
5. [《The Swift Programming Language》官方文件  簡體中文版](https://www.gitbook.com/book/numbbbbb/-the-swift-programming-language-/details)
6. [LeetCode-Solutions-in-Swift](https://github.com/diwu/LeetCode-Solutions-in-Swift) : Prepare yourself for an iOS job interview by studying high quality LeetCode problem solutions in Swift.
7. [SwiftDoc.org](http://swiftdoc.org) : Documentation and resources for the Swift community.

#### 範例程式
1. [shu223/iOS7-Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS7-Sampler) : Code examples for the new functions of iOS 7.
2. [shu223/iOS8-Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS8-Sampler) : Code examples for the new functions of iOS 8.
3. [ios-7-programming-cookbook-source-codes](https://github.com/vandadnp/ios-7-programming-cookbook-source-codes)
4. [apple-ios-samples](https://github.com/robovm/apple-ios-samples) : This repository mirrors Apple's iOS samples.

#### iOS Client App
1. [Hacker-News-for-iOS](https://github.com/mmackh/Hacker-News-for-iOS) : Hacker News client for iPad and iPhone.
2. [DesignerNewsApp](https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp) : Simple iOS client for Designer News
3. [v2ex](https://github.com/singro/v2ex) : An iOS client for v2ex.com
4. [openhab](https://github.com/openhab/openhab) : Source code of the open Home Automation Bus (openHAB)

#### 開放式課程
1. [Stanford 公开课，Developing iOS 8 Apps with Swift 字幕翻译](https://github.com/x140yu/Developing_iOS_8_Apps_With_Swift)

#### Coding Style
1. [github/objective-c-style-guide](raywenderlich/objective-c-style-guide)
2. [NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide](spotify/ios-style)
